---
title: 2025
date: 2025-12-31
---

Past years: [2024](/posts/2024)

Another busy year, pretty much entirely dominated by the new house and arrival of second child.

### January/February/March/April

Nesting in the new house. Spot of skiing and a trip to visit family in Abu Dhabi. More house stuff, everything takes at least twice as long as planned. But we started putting our own stamp on the place.
Crunch time at Beeper - heads down on local bridges ahead of July launch date.

More generally the world seems to continue to fall apart, and yet no one really stands to challenge this. Politics and democracy are broken seemingly everywhere, though the US is far ahead of anywhere else once considered democratic.

### May

Rushing round preparing for…

### June

Second baby, Frankie! Born June 8th under radically different (better) conditions than last time.

### July/August/September

The grind that is the first few months of baby+toddler life (aka the 4th trimester). Huge shout out to my employer Automattic for the incredible parental package. Decorating and not sleeping is the general theme of these months.

Although I was on leave, Beeper officially launched to the public with local bridge support, culmination of a huge push from the whole team over the months prior.

No change on the world political stage, same as above. Can highly recommend The Rest is Politics podcast, though, but don’t expect any cheerines.

### October

Rocco turned three! They do grow up so fast. Last month of parental leave, a really special time.

### November

Back to work, straight into a retreat in sunny Bologna. Great to see the progress and get stuck back in, although the first few weeks were quite the adjustment!

### December

Here we are! Prep for holidays, crunch time for a few Beeper projects. [Relaunched Kanmail v2](https://kanmail.io) which id been plugging away at evenings and weekends for most of the year.

---

Another big year at home, some amazing family time and slowly settling into the routine of two children plus dog.
World is still a mess but that’s nothing new - at least the shine is finally starting to fade on AI as everyone realises it’s really not that game changing (useful yes, world redefining no). Eagerly anticipate the bubble popping, though I’m sure those with all the money will somehow avoid paying for it leaving the middle class holding the bag as usual.

Desperately feels like the world needs a new group of political parties, possibly facilitated online, to challenge the status quo. What if every household got a code through the post that gave them 1x vote on any policies. Just a thought; probably a terrible idea. Could possibly be used to make a no-bot social network.

Despite all the misery in the world there’s still hope I think, thankfully immortality has not been cracked, hopefully never will, and the worst perpetrators of evil currently are (hopefully) going to die off soon (as in, next decade), so there’s a cheery thought :)

Happy New Year, folks! Wishing you all the best for 2026 🎉
